Hi, everybody. Figured I'd be the guinea pig for
this new video capability on Clickify.
Thank you so much for joining today's session.
I wanted to go ahead and follow up with you on
how to do a video on Clickify.
We did see that issue today where Clickify wasn't going to
allow Microsoft Edge to access the video.
It's now solved, so I'm going to post
that workaround in the chat for you as well.
I'm really excited to show you all the tool today,
and thinking we can do a little challenge here,
so I'm going to pass the torch on.
I accepted this challenge from Rodrigo to do this video,
and I am now going to challenge him to do a video.
It can be on anything you want for 60 seconds or less,
and then would challenge Rodrigo to challenge somebody else,
so we can keep this little chain going.
Thanks so much. Bye.